a paper
there
oh i'll tell you now that thing's not on there is it
yes is it yeah keep talking that's fine i didn't
know it was still on i think that that times would
get better i may be optimistic about this but I
think they will, and I think that people are going
to get paid better for their jobs, for whatever
they do. It'll be. Now, just like now with
babysitting, people get somebody to babysit
farm, and they just give them whatever they want
to. Well, now this law has gone into effect.
They've got to pay $2.30 an hour.
And because Karen babysits a lot, and she could
babysit more, but I won't let her babysit for just
anybody. It's got to be somebody I know. And
sometimes they'll bring them here because she
just babysits at night because she can't babysit
in daytime because she's going to school. Of
course, she keeps this child, and then she works
for an insurance company for the farm insurance
man on Saturday. She makes as much on Saturday, and
she goes to work at 9, and she's never worked past 1
o'clock, and he gives her $15. And this woman that
she keeps, this little girl, she pays her about $18
or $20 a week, and she can work down there that
little time. That's the difference in people. Of
course, Karen told her what she'd work for. And I
shouldn't have let her done it, but she did. And of
course, now school will soon be out. She's going to
try to get a job over at A&M.
You were talking about the minimum wage. Do you
think that other federal controls are more strict
now than they used to be in the past? Oh, yes.
Definitely.
What did they regulate, if anything? What? What
kind of things did they use to regulate? Well, just
who it was. Say this way. Suppose I want, just like
this woman that I've got working for me, suppose
I'd want somebody to work for me, and I'd say, I'll
give you $6 this week to work for me. And maybe
somebody over here, they'd tell somebody, I'll
give you $3 to come. That's no regulation. And it
was the same way with any kind of business or
anything, just whatever the individual, and
especially on ranches. One would pay one thing and
another another, and they'd say, well, I've got a
job. I'm not going to give up my job thinking I can go
over there and maybe I'll get cut off. And now it's
regulated what they've got to do. They've got to
pay a minimum wage now. I don't care what it is. Do
you think that's better? Sure, it's better. Look,
two years ago, in the stores here, you know what
they paid? $1.75 an hour to stand on their feet all
day long, eight hours. Well, now they've got to pay
that minimum wage. And don't you think it's
better? Yes, I do. I think it is. Well, now, all
right, if you say this way, all right, I've got a big
farm out here. Now, you come out here, Gary, and
I'll give you $1.75 an hour to work all day. All
right, somebody over here, they'll say, well,
I'll give you $2.30. Well, you see, there's no
regularity. There's no system to that. That's
just gee-haw about where you'd say, well, I've got
this job, and I don't want to quit it. Because I go
over here and I know I can work on him. Oh, yes. It's
definitely better. Well, what do you think about
the way they're trying to control the economy with
the wage and, I mean, with the price controls? Do
you think they should keep up the price controls
that they've been enforcing upon certain goods?
Well, I'll tell you. That's kind of a hard
question, but it's this way. I think it depends
largely on what that it is. I think that farmers, I
don't think there ought to be anything controlled
with what they have worked for. It costs a lot to
raise cattle. It costs a lot to raise feed. And I
think they ought to be allowed to sell it for what
they can get for it. that there's a lot of
government control now on uh you know what what
farmers can grow sometimes the government will
pay them not to grow something you know you think
they ought to do that i think the farmers ought to
just grow whatever they want i think they'll be
allowed to grow whatever they want to grow and as
much of it as they want to i think that's one thing
that has made stuff so high
it's a control on things now uh we have a good friend
italian she's one of karen's best friends linda
did you he owns land and lined in the bottom last
year it went to raining and all the cotton in the
bottom was lost he lost eighty thousand dollars
well they claim i heard today that because last
year cotton was a failure And it's going to make
stuff grow up. Well, they didn't have so much
cotton. They just allowed so much. Well, this
year, he said he wasn't going to raise no cotton
because he had that bad luck last year. Well, now
they come out and told him that he would have to
raise cotton, or he couldn't raise cotton no more
until this. Maybe someday he could. And so Linda
was here yesterday, and I never asked her what her
daddy had decided to do. Now that is, I call that
dictatorship.